hello and welcome to the Skeletor show
10th episode spectacular part 1
I'm your host Manny Tom's and I'm here
to take you on an amazing journey behind
the scenes of the most popular video
being watched by you right now what a
show we have for you tonight but first
let's meet the cast that make up the
Skeletor show first and most importantly
skis all the bookbinder and of course
who could forget lovable bird beak freak
lady and how about her Torme's why hello
there Skeletor ladies and gentlemen it's
Skeletor okay thank you
Tong's what the hell are you talking
about with this Keisel crap
I'm the star around here is it thus
Keisel she'll know it's my show do it
right around I'll sleep with your wife I
don't have a wife I'm a single father I
did have one but it's divorced oh no she
got eaten by lemurs yeah you know that
was kind of a lame threat yeah well you
can just just mock wait a second get on
with a damn sure girl I'll kill your
goldfish mr. pip eponymous okay you win
now let's take a look behind the scenes
at how the Skeletor show is made I know
it all looks real but it's actually a
lot of astounding special effects work
first we fill the actors on what is
known as a green screen over blood
skeeball plant anything like bumper pool
no oh and no then the footage is
digitally added to a computer-generated
ultra realistic background over blood
skeeball find anything like bunker pool
no oh then no after that it goes to the
sound design department which adds
appropriate sound effects
of a blade skee-ball in these days of
modern digital video we can do all sorts
of things we wouldn't have been able to
do in the past for example if the test
audience doesn't like the direction of a
particular scene we can change a
specific part of it instantly without
having to reshoot it over blood skeeball
what does it feel like to be on the
Skeletor show at least one of you wants
to know probably but we've got the
interviews to answer that
Skeletor found me in Dusseldorf in 1945
that I was working at the Reich's porn
film studios as an flower and was doing
glamour shots for hot Hitler Young and
magazine on the side he has taken care
of me ever since I think he think he
really cares she told me an octorok zone
had her bring her over to Eternia you
know I mean I wanted to do the
responsible thing turns out she was a
lying bitch buying into the henchwoman
to fill quota and she'd already moved in
hey say something
what is it like the beyond the Skeletor
show tell us get you to it is you sure
I'm on there minor character they just
happen during that stupid not a joke I
mean I'm not gay and that's the truth
not that there was anything wrong with
being gay which is P don't print items
couch pissed off I don't talk to the
liberal media elite charming well that's
about all the time we have for part one
this is the time we normally answer
questions in other words the end of the
show when you're already looking up
dramatic chipmunk in another tab well
just you wait because coming soon
yeah right coming soon look how long we
waited come on
jerk-offs get your act together charms
part of your daughter okay and and I'll
kill her if you don't end the show huh
that'd be a bummer and I also got your
Easy Bake Oven
just you wait because coming soon in
part to Skeletor answers a whole bunch
of questions
see you in several years towards you
son-of-a-bitch
oh and the theme song to the Skeletor
show is daphne by django reinhardt good
night and gore toe the goat headed
serpent god bless I can have the oven
back now right No
you